[The Trammps' "Disco Inferno"]
♪ ♪
Beat this, fellow judges.
What an entrance.
Ha ha!
♪ Burn baby burn ♪
all: Howie! Howie! Howie!
all: Howie! Howie!
♪ To my surprise ♪
[horn blares]
♪ One hundred stories high ♪
You okay?
Yeah.
♪ People getting loose y'all ♪
What's that?
It's a Slingshot.
Nice. I guess.
♪ Burn baby burn ♪
♪ Disco inferno ♪
Who is that?
Are those Samba dancers?
[cheers and applause]
♪ Up above my head ♪
♪ I hear music in the air ♪
♪ Music ♪
I thought you said they were,
like, down-to-earth.
♪ Makes me know
there's a party ♪
You know what I think?
What?
We've been outdone.
The champs are here.
We have arrived!
Oh, wait, oh, wait.
Who is that?
Who is this?
Are you kidding me?
[rousing marching music]
♪ ♪
Oh, my God.
♪ I heard somebody say
burn baby burn ♪
You absolutely crushed it.
You're just a star.
Way to go.
You are absolutely fantastic.
♪ Burn baby burn ♪
Hit the Golden Buzzer!
♪ Disco inferno ♪
♪ Burn baby burn ♪
♪ Burn that mother down
y'all ♪
♪ Burn baby burn ♪
♪ Disco inferno ♪
♪ Burn that mother down ♪
♪ Satisfaction ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh ♪
Oh, it feels so good!
Very subtle, Terry.
But I had to do it big, man.
I mean, come on, man,
this is "America's Got Talent!"
Get you up on your feet
and let's go!
[cheers and applause]
Love you!
♪ Burn baby burn ♪
♪ Disco inferno ♪
Oh, my God.
The ladies love me.
You know what, Howie?
You're very handsome.
Go out there and kill 'em.
Thank you.
There's more to this
than just the gorgeousness.
There's something inside too.
[chuckles]
♪ Burn baby burn ♪
♪ Disco inferno ♪
[cheers and applause]
Hi.
Welcome.
Who are you, please?
My name is Nick Williams.
And I'm Lindsey Williams.
And are you married
or brother and sister?
We are married.
[laughter]
Yeah. Six years now, yeah.
Okay.
Yes.
Yay.
Yeah, yeah.
And where did you meet?
A mutual friend of ours told
me, "I met your soul mate."
I said, "You gotta be
kidding me."
I said, you know,
"You're joking.
You're pulling my chain."
He actually didn't even want
to get married to being with,
and we went on a date
and here we are.
That was it.
Yeah.
[laughter and applause]
I'm Lindsey.
I'm a violinist.
I'm Nick,
and I'm an opera singer,
and we're from New York.
Growing up, my mother
had a Three Tenors album.
At first I was like,
"Ah, why are you listening
to all of this opera?"
And then I started
singing along to it,
and I fell in love with it.
I said to myself,
that's what I want to do
for the rest of my life.
But in Staten Island,
New York,
it's very hard to get a job
in the opera,
so I had to pick up jobs
singing in restaurants
and weddings
and whatever else I could.
[gentle music]
I started taking up
the violin around second grade.
I loved classical music,
but I always felt
like I didn't quite fit
in that world.
But then when I met Nick,
I felt like
I'd known him forever.
Together we were like,
"Oh, my gosh, we speak
the same language musically.
This is incredible."
We got married
and started to collaborate.
This is the first time
we're really putting
ourselves out there,
and we're definitely trying
to make a career out of this.
Winning "America's Got
Talent" would definitely
change our lives,
and we cannot wait
to show the world
what we do.
Cannot wait.
[cheers and applause]
And why "AGT" this year?
Because it's the greatest
show in the world.
[cheers and applause]
Okay, two minutes
to change your life forever.
Thank you.
Yes.
Good luck.
Okay, let's do this.
[cheers and applause]
[laughs]
[singing in Italian]
♪ ♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[buzzer]
♪ ♪
Oh. Oh, gosh.
Oh, no.
Are you serious?
What in the world?
[knives clanging]
♪ ♪
Oh, my God.
Oh, my gosh!
♪ ♪
[screams]
[cheers and applause]
[singing in Italian]
♪ ♪
Oh!
Nobody try this at home.
Not at all.
♪ ♪
Uh-oh.
[singing in Italian]
♪ ♪
Ohh!
No.
And a blindfold!
No!
♪ ♪
She's gonna light it on fire.
Oh, my God!
[audience screams]
[wild cheering]
[Pat Benatar's
"Hit Me With Your Best Shot"]
♪ ♪
[laughs]
♪ Well you're a real tough
cookie with a long history ♪
♪ Of breaking little hearts
like the one in me ♪
Oh, my God.
My God,
I wasn't expecting that.
Okay, Howie.
Ahh.
We've seen knife throwers,
but not really with their feet.
I am a self-taught
knife thrower.
Wow.
[cheers and applause]
Well, it's interesting,
it's dangerous, it's funny.
You deserve to go further
than just tonight.
Thank you so much.
At what point in
the relationship did you say,
"I've got an idea, honey"?
[laughs]
And for every wife
who's wanted to throw
sharp things at her husband,
I say thank you.
I love you.
[cheers and applause]
When you turned around
and you had the knives
in your hand, there was, like,
something kind of crazy
in your eyes that I was like,
"I get it.
This is why he fell
in love with you."
[laughter]
Thank you. Thank you.
I was thinking,
you know what,
this is a great show.
When you get bad singers,
rather than buzzing them,
we throw knives at them.
Are you saying I'm--are
you saying I'm a bad singer?
I mean, I've been studying
opera since I'm a child.
What didn't you like
about my voice?
Your voice.
[audience boos]
Really? Okay.
No.
Well, look,
there are four of us.
We'll take a vote.
Howie?
I'm gonna give you a yes.
I want to see you again.
Thank you.
Hell yeah.
Because of the singing,
I'm gonna say no.
Aww.
[audience boos]
You need three yeses.
You've already got two.
So it's up to one lady.
This is tough.
You know what, I will say that
I actually really love your
voice and I don't actually
think you should ever take
what you love
and compromise it because
somebody doesn't like it.
[cheers and applause]
I think you should own it,
and therefore, it's a yes.
♪ Hit me with
your best shot ♪
♪ Why don't you hit me
with your best shot ♪
♪ Hit me with your best shot ♪
Oh, my God.
♪ Fire away ♪
Can I ask one question?
Will you throw a knife
at me with your feet?
Yes, actually.
Yeah!
Let's do it.
[wild cheering]
Whoo!
This is ridiculous.
Oh, my gosh.
I really like you, yeah.
Thank you.
This could go horrible wrong.
Now, and this
will turn into a yes
if you don't kill me, okay?
I'm not gonna kill you.
Okay.
That's my boss!
Take care of him!
I love that she also
is self-taught.
[laughs]
Here we go!
[cheers and applause]
Oh, my God!
[tense music]
♪ ♪
Ah!
One..
two...
three!
♪ ♪
[cheers and applause]
Oh, my God.
Don't look.
♪ Hit me with
your best shot ♪
♪ Why don't you hit me ♪
Sorry.
Thank you.
That was life-changing.
♪ Hit me with
your best shot ♪
Thank you so much.
That's crazy.
♪ Fire away ♪
It's four yeses.
I'm just happy he's okay.
I love you.
You're out of your mind,
Simon.
You're the only one
with a red buzzer.
And then you said,
"Throw a knife at me."
Oh, yeah.
[laughter]
What's your name, please?
Death.
[cheering and gasps]
You came to slay,
and I am deceased.
He went over Simon's head.
You are getting on
my nerves right now.
Oh, my God.
I'm too scared.
That was
a spectacular performance.
You made a believer
out of all of us.
You are fantastic.
Really fantastic.
Hit the Golden Buzzer!
[cheers and applause]
.
What's your favorite food?
Oatmeal.
Oatmeal?
♪ Food, glorious food ♪
Dinner tonight.
That's all I'm thinking about.
Egg with asparagus,
Scottish smoked salmon
with lobster.
Did Simon arrange this?
Yes.
Can I ask you something?
Yes, of course, sir.
What's a petit four?
It's a very small cake.
No, you're supposed to say,
"It's for eating."
Ohh.
I'm sorry, sir.
I miss the American humor.
[laughs]
My favorite food,
mac and cheese.
Chicken finger.
Chicken wing.
[clucking]
I already said that.
And action!
Give me a five.
I'm Izzy, and I'm 11.
I'm Easton and I'm 14.
And we're best friends
who dance together.
Ohh, they do it really well.
I love dancing with Easton,
'cause he's so amazing
and nice and sweet.
He's like my older brother.
Izzy is very bubbly
and fun.
We're also such a good pair
because we don't
only love dance.
We love food, too.
Mm, yes.
Whoo!
We both have so much fun,
but we've been practicing
so hard.
The song we're
performing to tonight
is about Easton
being a soldier
and being called off to war.
I'm his little sister and
I don't want him to leave.
I'm so nervous.
There are a lot
of nerves tonight,
because there are a lot
of very talented acts here.
I thought it was
a nice performance.
I wasn't blown away though,
if I'm being completely honest.
I really don't think
this is a million-dollar act,
so it's a no from me.
I'm sorry.
If we got a no
from the judges,
that would be so bad.
Tonight, this is gonna be
one of the biggest
performances we've ever done,
but I think
we're ready for it.
We're just gonna do
what we know how to do best,
which is dance.
♪ ♪
[cheers and applause]
Hi.
What are your names?
I'm Izzy.
I'm Easton.
And where do you live?
We--
In Las Vegas.
And what are you guys
gonna do here for us?
We're gonna dance.
Are you guys related,
brother/sister?
No.
Oh, so how long have you guys
been dancing together?
For about, like, five years.
Yeah.
So what type
of dance do you do?
Contemporary.
I love that they keep
looking at each other.
It's so cute.
Good luck.
Let's see what you got.
Does anybody like
contemporary dance?
Yes.
Just out of interest.
Like who?
Me.
Anyone else?
Everyone.
Who?
In the world.
[cheers and applause]
♪ Soldier keep on
marching on ♪
♪ Head down till
the work is done ♪
♪ Soldier keep on
marching on ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Head down till
the work is done ♪
♪ Waiting on that
morning sun ♪
♪ Soldier keep on
marching on ♪
♪ ♪
[cheers and applause]
♪ Soldier keep on marching ♪
♪ Soldier keep on
marching on ♪
♪ Keep on, keep on ♪
♪ Keep on marching on ♪
♪ Keep on, keep on marching ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Soldier keep on
marching on ♪
[cheers and applause]
♪ Head down till
your work is done ♪
♪ Waiting on
that morning sun ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Soldier keep on
marching on ♪
[wild cheering]
Wow.
[Ingrid Michaelson'
"Light Me Up"]
♪ ♪
Wow. Wow.
Unbelievable, powerful,
masterful performance.
It was beautiful.
You guys are
incredibly talented.
Way to go.
[cheers and applause]
You know, I really am not
a fan of this kind of dancing,
but I am a fan of yours,
because you showed
this intensity,
and the choreography was great.
I have to say it was phenomenal
and I loved it.
I always say if you're
the best in your class,
go to another class.
You came to the biggest class
there was,
and you absolutely crushed it.
The athleticism,
the dedication,
the emotion.
Thank you.
That was a spectacular
performance.
We have a lot to learn
from you two.
Thank you.
Simon?
Look, if you're
the best in class,
I always say
you go to another class.
Do not steal my content.
[laughter]
You know what
I liked about you?
'Cause I was telling Julianne
how much I like
contemporary dance, is that
normally people
your age come on
and it's like,
okay, here we go,
and I'm bored out of my mind.
You two, I've gotta be honest
with you, are fantastic.
Thank you.
I mean, really fantastic.
This is a great audition.
Good for you.
All right,
let's take it to a vote.
Howie.
I'll start with yes.
Thank you.
Well, you know I'm giving you
your second yes.
Thank you.
Julianne?
100% yes.
Whoo!
Thank you.
Simon?
You've got four yeses.
Congratulations.
♪ Light me up again ♪
♪ ♪
Wow.
Oh, hugs!
Hugs for the family.
That was so good.
You have to be proud.
They are very sweet,
aren't they?
So cute.
Congrats, guys.
both: Thank you.
All right.
♪ ♪
.
[dramatic music]
The lights go on,
the cameras are there,
the audience roars...
[cheers and applause]
And then tomorrow
people know their name.
It is all about
using those two minutes
literally to change your life.
Everybody wants this,
so we get one shot,
and we're gonna do it.
all: Golden Buzzer!
So what makes you want to
come on "America's Got Talent?"
It's the dream of our life.
This is hopefully
my big opportunity.
To potentially have
my big break.
See, I'm getting emotional
talking about it.
I started singing
when I was 19
just because I thought,
why not?
You know, just give it a shot,
see what happens.
I'm Lamont Landers,
I'm 27 years old,
and I am a musician.
Growing up in Alabama,
just had a normal family.
My mom was a stay-at-home mom.
My dad worked
for General Motors,
and just always
grew up around music.
My dad had got me a guitar
when I was in second grade
for Christmas,
but my dad got it
really for hisself.
He got it for him,
and I couldn't play it.
When you're a kid,
that sucks.
When I was 14,
my parents split up,
and as a kid,
divorce, it's tough.
I hated everything, all of it.
It's frightening.
It's scary to be alone,
and there's only
so much you can do,
and I put up a wall there, so
you build up these calluses.
It just makes you
stronger and tougher.
When they got divorced,
he left the guitar,
and so I picked it up,
I started learning songs,
and having the guitar
as an outlet
was the perfect thing for me.
So for the last three years,
I've been gigging nonstop.
I get to go out and do what
I love on a day-to-day basis.
You know, like,
I'm living my dream,
but I deserve a bigger
and better audience
and bigger and better stages
for me to play on.
Show 'em what you got.
And I'm happy to bring
whatever I can to this show
and just roll the dice
and see what happens.
Hello.
What's your name?
I'm Lamont Landers.
I'm 27 years old
from Huntsville, Alabama.
That voice.
[cheers and applause]
Hey, Huntsville represent!
Yes.
Okay, Lamont--
I love your name, by the way.
Thank you, sir.
And what do you do?
I sing.
Full-time?
Yeah, I'm
a full-time musician.
This is how
you make your money?
That's right.
Okay, so why do you think
this show could change what
you're doing at the moment
to go up?
It's one of the biggest
platforms in the world.
Look at this crowd.
It's amazing.
[cheers and applause]
Okay, Lamont, I don't
want to know what the song is.
I want it to be a surprise.
Good luck.
[cheers and applause]
♪ ♪
♪ I ♪
♪ I'm so in love with you ♪
♪ Whatever you
want to do yeah ♪
♪ Is all right with me ♪
♪ ♪
♪ 'Cause you make me feel ♪
♪ So brand-new ♪
♪ ♪
Lamont, um, I'm guessing
you play with a band?
Yes, sir.
Well, that's a very safe,
what I would call,
wedding song.
What's your other song?
Uh, "What's Going On,"
Marvin Gaye.
[scattered cheers]
Is it still safe though?
It's the same genre.
I'm just wondering whether
we should just come up
with a better song,
because your problem is
that you don't take risks.
Fair enough.
Thank you, sir.
Lamont, I wouldn't
shrug to that.
I wouldn't.
So you want to come back this
afternoon with another song?
It's up to you.
It's not me, it's you.
I'm down to do it right now
if we can.
You think "What's Going On"
is what we want?
I think it's great.
I'm not sure if
it's what you guys want,
but I think it's beautiful.
I think you should
come back later,
'cause right now we're not
understanding each other.
What--what do you guys want?
[scattered cheers]
He went over Simon's head!
Lamont, you are getting
on my nerves right now
because I actually
like your voice.
So I would suggest you think
about what I'm saying,
and I'm gonna give you
another shot.
Don't be cocky.
Okay?
Up to you.
I don't know.
I'll wait.
Good choice.
[cheers and applause]
Whoa.
He just has
to pick another song.
Yeah.
He was really
getting on my nerves.
So are you going to take
the advice and come back
or do you feel like you want
to just stop it here?
Uh...
I'm gonna think on it.
Can I have that--
Yeah, no, no,
that's your right, brother.
That same song
that he was gonna sing
was exactly like the other one.
It's the same.
So to take a risk,
like you said,
he needs to go
find something else.
.
Your problem is that
you don't take risks.
That's a very safe, what
I would call, wedding song.
So you wanna come back
this afternoon?
It's up to you.
What do you guy want?
Lamont, you are getting
on my nerves right now.
I think you should
come back later,
'cause right now we're
not understanding each other.
[crowd boos]
I just want
to find something
that's gonna define you more
as an artist and not--
you know what I mean?
[cheers and applause]
It was strong and powerful
but graceful and elegant.
I do think that
you're really good,
but it doesn't have
the grandeur
that this show deserves.
[singing indistinctly]
See, I can't even do it, bro.
I don't even know
what key I'm in there.
I don't know, man.
I don't know.
I don't want to be, like,
a sour--sour--
[overlapping chatter]
...if I took the time--
[cheers and applause]
I really liked your voice
when you first
started singing,
and I'm gonna be
honest with you,
you lost me after about
30 seconds.
Let's try it.
Let's just try it.
I'm gonna give--
give it a shot.
Wanted to get
90 seconds tight
and be ready to go back on.
♪ ♪
There is that thing
called an "it" factor
that separates talented people
from the people
you need to know what
they're doing at all times.
♪ ♪
All right, you're up next,
and I'm glad
you got a new song.
Yeah.
You're gonna do great.
The last song was awful.
It was terrible.
Your last song was great.
Okay, wait right here,
we'll get you.
Oh, Lamont's back.
I thought Lamont was gonna
come back on a different day.
[cheers and applause]
Hello, my friend.
Simon, good to see you.
Judges, thank y'all for
having me back.
I really appreciate it.
Thank you for coming back.
Even though we didn't
get on great
the first time we met,
I actually like you
and I love your voice.
Thank you.
We all do.
Thank you, thank you.
We're rooting for you.
I learned this song, like,
in the last 30 minutes.
So forgive me
if there's mistakes.
I'm gonna give it
a good go though.
Just a fair warning.
No disappointments.
Come on.
["Dancing on My Own" begins]
[audience clapping along]
♪ ♪
♪ Somebody said
you got a new friend ♪
♪ Can she love you
better than I can ♪
Hang on, hang on,
Lamont, Lamont, Lamont, Lamont,
Lamont, Lamont, Lamont.
One minute, one minute,
one minute, one minute.
All right,
shake yourself out a bit.
You're too tense. Please.
Of course.
Everybody, please do not clap.
Don't clap along.
Okay, okay, well, they might
at the end, we'll see.
Yeah.
Can I give you
one suggestion, please?
Yes, of course.
Slow it down.
Of course.
Make this feel like
you've just written this song.
[cheers and applause]
Down.
["Dancing on My Own" begins]
Oh, yeah, that's better.
♪ ♪
Hold on,
this is another thing.
I've gotta tune my guitar,
I'm so sorry.
You are torturing us here.
It's gotta be perfect,
you know?
I know, I know.
[song resumes]
♪ ♪
♪ Somebody said
you got a new friend ♪
♪ Can she love you
better than I can ♪
♪ And I know it's stupid ♪
♪ I just gotta
see it for myself ♪
♪ And I'm in the corner ♪
♪ Watching you kiss her ♪
♪ Oh, oh, oh ♪
[cheers and applause]
Whoo!
♪ I'm right over here ♪
♪ Why can't you see me ♪
♪ Oh, oh, oh ♪
♪ I'm giving it my all ♪
♪ And I'm not the guy
you're taking home ♪
Oh, oh.
♪ Oh, oh ♪
♪ And I keep dancing
on my own ♪
[cheers and applause]
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ ♪
♪ And I'm in the corner
watching you kiss her ♪
♪ Oh yeah ♪
♪ I'm giving it my all ♪
♪ I'm not the guy
you're taking home well ♪
♪ But I keep dancing
on my own ♪
♪ ♪
♪ And I keep dancing
on my own ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ And I keep dancing ♪
♪ On my own ♪
[wild cheering]
[Shawn Mendes's
"In My Blood"]
♪ ♪
Ohh!
He took the note.
Thank you.
He came back,
and he rocked.
♪ Sometimes I feel
like giving up ♪
♪ But I just can't ♪
♪ It isn't in my blood ♪
Whoa.
♪ ♪
All right, so you're
like an egg right now,
and we're cracking it open
slowly but surely.
I almost want you to just
close your eyes for a second.
How do you feel?
Uh, I'm humbled,
and I'm honored that,
you know,
you guys took the time
to give me another chance,
and I thrive under pressure
and I love trying to adapt
and overcome,
and thank you for the chance.
So right there, that's
where I felt your authenticity,
and that goes a long way.
Well done.
Thank you.
[cheers and applause]
Howie.
I think that
you're really good,
and you've got
a really good voice.
Taking all the direction
from Simon
and listening to everybody,
you stepped it up ten levels
as far as I'm concerned.
[cheers and applause]
Gabrielle?
Okay, we literally threw
everything at this young man
plus the kitchen sink.
He went backstage,
learned a song
he's never heard before,
played before, nothing,
and the guitar and sang it,
and came out here and just
blew us all away.
[cheers and applause]
Perspective.
We don't each other well,
Lamont, but I respect you
for doing what you did.
I think there is a wall
in front of you,
which is the fear of failure,
and I think you've got to
let yourself go a little bit,
and there's nothing wrong
about looking emotional
or happy or sad.
Yes, yes.
And, you know, the cracking
of the egg is a good analogy.
You know, it's like
I know what it's like
when it's frustrating
and you get criticized,
and you think you're right,
but something's
getting in the way,
and you get frustrated,
and then sometimes
someone gives you
a little bit of advice
and it opens the door.
I think the door has just
opened for you here.
Yeah.
I do.
Those frustrations are when
breakthroughs happen.
Yeah.
Thank you.
And to the audience,
I apologize.
You have every right to clap.
[laughter]
I just, uh--
[cheers and applause]
It was my own thing here.
[laughs] I like you.
Okay, we're gonna vote.
Howie, yes or no?
Based on what you did
at the beginning
and then how you improved,
I'm giving you a yes.
Gabrielle.
I mean, you made a believer
out of all of us, yes.
Thank you, thank you,
thank you, thank you.
Julianne.
I see it.
I feel it in you.
I want more.
Yes.
Thank you.
Thank you, thank you.
Lamont, you know what,
we all have our ups and downs.
At least you had the guts
and the respect
for doing
what you've just done,
and I'm really happy
that worked out for you.
And you know what, let's make
the next one even better.
So it's four yeses.
Thank you, thank you.
Thank you,
thank you, thank you.
[cheers and applause]
Thank you so much.
♪ It isn't in my blood ♪
♪ ♪
There's something
about him.
It's he's complex.
That's why he's interesting.
I can't wait to see more.
I can't wait to hear more.
Bro, you a star.
Thanks.
[laughs]
You're just a star.
It was so good.
I was completely mesmerized.
My heart.
You are absolutely fantastic.
[cheers and applause]
.
["Oh Happy Day" plays]
♪ Oh happy day ♪
I feel like today is gonna
be the chance of a lifetime,
and it makes me feel alive.
♪ When Jesus washed ♪
When I step out
on this stage,
this is my chance
and my opportunity
to really make my dreams
come to life.
[echoing]
to life... to life... to life...
[rumbling, birds caw]
[Carl Orff's "O Fortuna"]
♪ ♪
My name is Death.
I am 2.4 billion years old,
and I live with my dog,
Gordon, in California.
[Georges Bizet's
"Carmen Suite No. 2 Habanera"]
My dad is God.
He's kind of a big shot.
My mom is Mother Nature.
She's very nurturing.
Mom and Dad got a divorce when
I was 14 million years old,
which is a tough age.
Reaping is definitely
not the easiest job,
but there are some perks.
You know, I do get
to make my own schedule,
and I've gotten to meet
every creative person
that I've ever admired ever.
The bad part is that they're
usually not very happy
to see me.
I've heard from all these
people about how great life is,
and, you know,
I just want a piece of that,
so once I took human form,
there were three things
I had to do.
I wanted to take
an improv class,
get into standup comedy,
and get a dog.
I haven't been doing standup
for that long.
The worst show ever,
I was at a bar,
somebody heckled me.
Reaping audience
members mid-show
tends to kill the vibe.
I'm like a really nice guy
when you get to know me.
"America's Got Talent"
is a way to show America
that there's more to me
than just reaping
everything that you love.
♪ ♪
Oh, whoa!
Here we go, folks.
Take your seats.
It is so cold in here now.
Uh, show 'em what you got.
[indistinct]
Okay, okay.
Oh, did that mean something?
I didn't mean nothing.
No, I'm off the clock.
Okay, good, good.
Go on out here.
♪ ♪
Oh, God!
[scattered cheers]
Oh.
♪ ♪
Death.
A little scary.
♪ ♪
Okay.
All right, uh...
[chuckles]
Let's start with welcome,
and would you like to tell me
who you are, please?
Death.
[scattered cheers and laughter]
Uh-oh, uh-oh.
Why are you here, Death?
I'm going to be performing
standup comedy.
[laughter]
Okay, and can I ask you
where you're from, Death?
I am from...
the swirl of oblivion that
will one day swallow us all.
Currently, I rent
a one-bedroom in Burbank.
[laughter]
Okay, well, I think
I know where this is going,
so good luck.
Thank you.
They say...
the only guarantees in life
are death and taxes.
But if you walk around all
summer in a thick, black cloak,
thigh chafing is also
gonna happen.
[buzzer]
[cheers and applause]
[Scott Joplin's
"The Entertainer"]
Ohh.
Anyone who says
you can't cheat death
hasn't met my ex-girlfriend.
[booing]
[buzzer]
So bad.
♪ ♪
It's so bad, it's good.
[audience shouting]
♪ ♪
I've been dating recently.
It's tough.
I get ghosted a lot.
What?
[buzzer]
♪ ♪
I'm going to tell a relatable
dating anecdote now.
♪ ♪
Have you ever been on a date
and it's going well,
and you go back to her place
and then you remember
you have to kill her cat?
[buzzer]
[cheers and applause]
He died onstage.
Oh, you know what, Death,
you're probably
gonna like this,
but we hate you.
♪ That's life ♪
What do you think, Julianne?
What was that?
I'm looking for longevity,
not really death.
♪ ♪
Howie.
It was horribly funny
because sometimes
you'll hold for laughter
or hold for applause.
You hold for Xes.
And I'll tell you, tomorrow
morning when you're on the bus,
you are gonna be recognized.
[laughter]
Anything you want to add,
Gabrielle?
As a makeup tutorial,
I'm here for the smoky eye
and the chiseled contour.
Thank you.
But, um, I do agree
with the criticism.
Not for me.
Okay, we're gonna vote.
Howie?
No.
Gabrielle?
Um, that's gonna be
a no for me.
Julianne?
I didn't get it.
So I'm gonna say no.
It's four nos.
Thank you.
♪ That's life,
that's life ♪
♪ That's life
and I can't deny it ♪
Watching him was funnier
than him.
Yeah, but sometimes
when it's going bad,
it's almost funnier.
I'll be seeing Simon Cowell
later tonight.
But you like me, right?
You're cool.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you.
Love the suit.
Oh, thank you so much.
I don't think I could have
taken that much longer.
Oh, lord, oh, lord.
♪ In a big ball and die ♪
[maniacal laughter]
[thunder rumbles]
[birds caw]
You still have time
to submit your design
for the Dunkin' judges' cups.
Head over to
NBC.com/designacup
to create and submit
your very own design.
If you win, you'll get Dunkin'
coffee for an entire year,
and your cup will be featured
on the judges' desk.
We'll even fly you
out to Hollywood
to come see it live on "AGT."
Good luck.
.
The show's called
"America's Got Talent,"
but actually we've been
very fortunate
that people from all over
the world trust this stage,
and they have the opportunity
to change their life.
I still don't believe that
we are finally in America.
We traveled so far
to get here.
It has been a long journey.
This is our chance
to live the American dream.
And today, today
your lives can change.
Who's next?
I'm gonna guess a choir.
Yeah.
Love choirs.
I know, me too.
[cheers and applause]
Hi, guys.
♪ ♪
What is the name
of this group?
Our name is
the Ndlovu Youth Choir,
and we are all the way
from Limpopo in South Africa.
Oh, you're from South Africa?
Wow!
My name's Ralf Schmit.
I'm the conductor.
You're the conductor.
How long have you
been doing it?
We've been together
for ten years.
Wow.
Hi, hi.
Hi.
What's your name?
My name is [indistinct].
Is this your first time
in America?
Yes, this is my first time
in America.
Hello, America!
[cheers and applause]
And what does this
mean to you?
This is a dream come true.
It's like
I'm dreaming right now.
Like, wow.
[cheers and applause]
[gentle music]
We are from
a small community
in Limpopo, South Africa,
and there's a lot
of difficulties there.
Growing up, it has been
really hard for us.
The place,
it has a lot of poverty.
Many places have
no electricity,
and most of the homes
do not have running water.
It's very difficult.
The challenges
these kids face,
it's devastating.
Many of our kids' parents
have passed away,
and they've got to look after
their little siblings
on their own.
So to try and help
those orphans
and vulnerable children,
we started the choir.
My father passed away
two years ago.
Everything changed.
[sniffles]
It was very difficult,
and I had to take care
of all of us and...
When they join us,
many of our kids
have the weight of the world
on their shoulders,
and to them, their problems
feel insurmountable.
For us,
it's not easy to dream,
so I didn't like to smile,
but after joining the choir,
I found my voice
and it brought back
the smile on my face.
♪ ♪
Being in the choir,
it just gave me
a sense of belonging
and confidence
to not be afraid,
that it's okay to dream,
so you just know
the sky is the limit.
Exactly, that's why now we
want to show the whole world
that anything is possible.
They come from one
of the poorest communities
in the world,
yet these kids manage
to lift themselves up.
To see them standing
on the stage
of "America's Got Talent"
tonight, I just--
Sorry.
[chuckles] That was--
You can't help but just
burst with pride.
[cheers and applause]
Can you tell me the song?
Is it original?
What's it about?
So the song that we're
gonna sing for you today
is called "My African Dream."
Couldn't be more perfect
for today,
because it expresses
hopes and dreams,
and our dream is to let
children around the world
know that just because
you're born in poverty,
it doesn't mean that
you are poverty.
[cheers and applause]
That's beautiful.
All right, well,
that's pretty exciting.
You've come all the way
from South Africa,
and you are now on
the biggest talent stage
in the world,
so I can't wait to hear
what it is you do.
Good.
Thank you.
[cheers and applause]
["My African Dream" begins]
[vocalizing indistinctly]
♪ In my Africa ♪
♪ Sometimes alone
in the evening ♪
♪ I look outside my window ♪
♪ At the shadow in the night ♪
[all chanting]
♪ I hear the sound
of distant crying ♪
♪ The darkness multiplying ♪
♪ The weary hearts denied ♪
♪ All I hear are the voices ♪
♪ Telling me to go ♪
♪ But I could never run ♪
[all chanting
in native language]
♪ In my African dream ♪
[all singing
in native language]
♪ There's a new tomorrow ♪
[all singing
in native language]
♪ My African dreams ♪
[all singing
in native language]
♪ Is the dream
that we can follow ♪
[vocalizing]
[all singing
in native language]
♪ ♪
♪ This is ♪
♪ My African ♪
♪ Yeah-yeah-yeah ♪
♪ Dream ♪
♪ Oh yeah, yeah ♪
[singing crescendos]
[wild cheering]
["True Colors" plays]
Whoo!
Wow.
Gabrielle?
From the second
you walked out,
I think this whole place
was rooting for you,
and you did not disappoint.
[cheers and applause]
You showcased the beauty
that you represent,
and you are giving
so much hope.
I can't thank you enough.
Thank you.
Julianne.
Oh!
To feel your authenticity
and joy just coming through,
I felt like you transported us
to where you're from,
and it was so beautiful,
so magical.
Well done.
Thank you.
[cheers and applause]
There's nothing
more exciting than when
people come from far away
to this stage,
and you bring your culture,
and you bring your life
and share your talent.
And everything you did,
from how you're dressed--
I mean, I love the color,
and I love the sound.
I really do.
Thank you.
Simon?
You know, we've always been
waiting for a choir like this,
something we've
never heard before,
and your energy
was just literally
bouncing off me right there.
[cheers and applause]
It was a great audition,
and you I'm going to remember.
Well done.
Thank you.
Let's vote.
Gabrielle.
It's a thousand times
yes for me.
Julianne?
Yes! Whoo!
Simon?
I'm gonna say yes.
It's four yeses.
♪ True colors
shining through ♪
♪ See 'em shining through ♪
♪ Your true colors ♪
[all chanting, cheering]
♪ Don't be afraid ♪
♪ To let them show ♪
♪ Your true colors ♪
This goes out to all the kids
in South Africa and Africa,
everyone that has the dream--
We are shooting
for the stars.
Yes, yes!
[all cheering]
♪ Beautiful like a rainbow ♪
.
[cheers and applause]
all: Howie! Howie! Howie!
You know what
gets me moving?
Running through
a few thousand strangers
who haven't washed
their hands in an hour.
[chuckles]
You'll get me moving.
Everybody's got an open palm,
and they just want to touch.
That is, like,
your worst nightmare.
This is a Petri dish.
Look but don't touch
for Howie Mandel.
♪ Music so hard ♪
♪ Makes me say oh my lord ♪
♪ Thank you for blessing me ♪
♪ With a mind to rhyme
and two hype feet ♪
♪ That's good
when you know you're down ♪
My man, Howie Mandel.
Yes.
How are you feeling?
Oh, I'll tell you.
For somebody that doesn't
want to touch hands,
just to be here,
it's amazing.
[laughter]
You know,
to be honest with you,
I am scared to death
of everything
every minute of my life.
♪ Can't touch ♪
I am Simone.
And I am Lorenzo.
And we are the creators
of Idego Virtual Reality.
[lively classical music]
All of the world,
everyone is sitting on fears,
phobias, like arachnophobia,
fear of flying,
fear of heights.
They get up,
they go to work,
but they are living a life
that stops them from achieving
their potential.
♪ ♪
We developed virtual
reality technology,
and with this tool
people discover
that they are capable of things
that they have never imagined.
This is our opportunity
to share this potential
with the entire world.
[cheers and applause]
♪ ♪
Hello.
What's your name?
My name is Simone.
And my name is Lorenzo.
Where are you from?
Rome, Italy.
And what do you guys
do in Rome?
We are psychologists.
Oh.
And we love technology,
so we wanted to find a way
to put technology
and psychology together,
so we created this
virtual reality software
for the mental health.
So cool.
I love that.
I don't know if you know
who you're talking to,
but in this country,
I've put a lot of psychologists
into a whole new tax bracket.
[laughter]
So why "AGT"?
We often say when a person
overcomes phobias,
that person is actually
finding his own talent.
So our talent
is to help others
unlocking their talent.
Whoo! Love that.
Wow.
So I would like
to invite you onstage.
[cheers and applause]
Oh, "you," meaning me?
Yeah, you.
Whoo! Yes!
So we're going to put you
in a virtual situation
where you're going to find out
that you're capable of things
you didn't know you could do.
Oh, wow.
[cheers and applause]
Come with me.
All right.
[cheers and applause]
I--I--
Oh, sorry, sorry.
You found my first phobia.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
[laughter]
First of all, we are
going to take off our shoes
to get on the green, okay?
Okay.
So come with me.
All right.
Don't be scared.
Just trust me.
Too late.
[laughter]
So do you prefer to put on
the headset by yourself?
Yeah.
Okay.
I could--I'm a big boy.
[laughter]
And put it on?
Yeah, put it on.
Okay.
[coyote howls]
Oh.
What do you see?
I'm not in a fun place.
[laughter]
I see somebody
in more trouble than me,
and a bird,
and I'm in a canyon,
and I don't--you know, I don't
know if I told you this,
heights is one of my phobias.
Yes, that's why
you're here with us.
The balloon.
[laughs]
Now, walking on the ropes,
your aim is to save
that person
whose life is in danger.
All right.
Are you ready?
Howie!
[cheers and applause]
Please, Howie.
Okay.
All right, I'll try.
I don't like this.
Be very careful where
you place your feet.
I'm trying to, but I don't--
I don't--I don't--
Oh, my gosh.
Just a little bit like this.
Okay, okay, you can do it.
I can't, I can't.
Yeah, yeah, yeah,
you can do it.
I can't, I can't.
Okay, okay.
Julianne.
Oh, my gosh.
We are going to do
the first step together,
and then you'll be able
to go on by yourself, okay?
Yeah.
Can't he come and save me?
[laughter]
[light music]
Oh, my Gosh. Oh.
Okay, okay.
You got it, Howie!
I can't.
Go, Howie!
[cheers and applause]
Can I crawl?
No, don't do like this.
Why?
Don't do like this.
It's worse.
You're gonna fall.
I can't--I'm too scared.
♪ ♪
[cheers and applause]
[laughter]
There you go, Howie.
I'm too scared.
What do I do now?
Grab his arm.
You have to save him.
What?
Grab his arm.
You have to save him.
Grab his arm?
Arm, yeah, the arm.
I don't touch people's hands!
[laughter and applause]
He's gonna fall.
Can't I just go
and save myself?
Push your limit.
Come on, Howie.
You can do it.
Oh, my gosh.
Come on, Howie!
How do I get him?
I can't get--
oh, I feel him.
[cheers and applause]
Now save him.
Save him.
Okay. Okay.
♪ ♪
You did it.
I'm a hero.
Yeah!
♪ ♪
Who are you?
[laughter]
[cheers and applause]
Yay!
[The Script's "Hall of Fame"]
He faced his fear.
That was amazing.
♪ ♪
all: Howie! Howie! Howie!
Howie! Howie! Howie!
Oh, my--that's terrifying.
Okey dokey.
Oh.
Wow.
Howie, how do you feel
right now?
I feel like a hero.
♪ Standing in
the hall of fame ♪
Yeah!
I'll be honest with you,
I was terrified,
and I was trying to think,
oh, no, this is pretend.
This is virtual reality,
but the virtual
kept going away,
and it was really my reality,
and I've never seen something
that is so enveloping,
and I'm a proponent
of mental health
and removing the stigma.
Wow.
That was amazing.
[cheers and applause]
Gabrielle.
It was just awesome
watching Howie
overcome his fears.
I was on the edge of my seat.
It was exhilarating.
Amazing job.
Thank you, guys.
Thank you.
Julianne.
My heart was racing for you.
That was stuff I've
never actually seen before,
and honestly
that was so much fun.
I think people
are gonna love this,
so thank you for coming to
"America's Got Talent."
Thank you.
[cheers and applause]
Simon?
Well, you know what,
what was cool about this
is that we actually saw
what you were seeing,
which is normally--
You could see it?
Yeah, yeah.
They could.
It's amazing,
and it is entertaining.
Plus, it was even better
seeing Howie look silly.
[laughter]
It was different,
and I liked it.
Well done.
Thank you.
So let's vote.
Go ahead, Simon.
I'm gonna say yes.
Julianne.
Absolutely yes for me.
Thank you.
Gabrielle.
That's a yes for me too.
Thank you.
For me, it was fantastic,
and for me alone,
four yeses.
♪ Standing
in the hall of fame ♪
♪ ♪
♪ And the world's gonna
know your name ♪
Thank you.
♪ ♪
How do you feel right now?
Right now...
I still can't believe it.
Yeah.
That was completely crazy.
Could you see
through my goggles?
We could see
what you were doing.
No, it was cool
because they cut away
to all these different
camera angles.
It was good.
♪ Standing in
the hall of fame ♪
.
[laughter]
Oh, my gosh,
this is so amazing.
I can't believe we're here.
Wow!
I like your outfit!
Thank you.
Being here is just
a dream come true.
Whoa.
Do you feel nervous?
Let's just hold my hand.
We're excited for you.
Hope you do good.
There's a huge crowd.
This is one of the biggest
stages in the world.
Oh, it is the biggest
stage in the world.
Wow.
You see?
This your good luck charm?
Mm-hmm.
Oh.
What's his name?
Uni.
Okay, listen,
let's go out there
and show 'em what you got.
High five.
All right.
Go out there
and give it to 'em.
[cheers and applause]
Aww.
Oh.
Hi!
Hello.
Hi, sweetheart.
What's your name?
Emanne.
Emanne?
Yeah.
Where are you from?
From North Port, Florida.
Right on.
Yeah.
And how old are you?
I'm ten.
You're ten?
Yeah.
[giggles]
I'm so nervous.
Are you here
with your parents?
Uh, yeah, I'm here with
my parents and my brothers.
And your brothers.
Yeah.
Are you the only girl
in your family?
Yeah.
Oh, so you're the angel.
Sometimes.
Or are you the devil?
[laughter]
And what do your parents do?
Well, my dad owns
an ice cream factory.
[cheers and applause]
Yeah.
Best job ever.
Do you get to go in there and
pick all your favorite flavors?
Yeah.
What's your favorite flavor?
Salted caramel, coffee,
and chocolate chip mint.
Yeah.
Literally my favorites.
We're on a good start.
[laughs]
Okay, hon, let's see
what you've got.
[cheers and applause]
[breathes deeply]
Oh, so nervous.
[cheers and applause]
[gentle music]
♪ ♪
[singing operatically
in Italian]
♪ ♪
[cheers and applause]
[music crescendos]
♪ ♪
[wild cheering]
♪ Somewhere ♪
She's brilliant.
I want to hug you.
♪ Over ♪
♪ The rainbow ♪
[cheers and applause]
How does that voice come out
of that little body?
Wow.
Thank you.
I mean, seriously,
it's unbelievable.
What an amazing person.
Your dad's got
the best job in the world.
It must be magic ice cream.
Um, and then you come along
and just do that.
You are absolutely fantastic.
Thank you.
[cheers and applause]
Howie?
How does somebody your age
get into that kind of music?
'Cause my mom's mom
used to listen to opera,
and my mom listened
to it with her,
and now I listen to it
with my mom, so yeah.
I believe
that after tonight,
they're gonna be
recognizing you on the street.
So your life is never
gonna be the same,
and your dreams
are about to come true.
Yes.
Gabrielle.
The whole audience was like,
"You've got to be kidding me."
You're that talented.
You're just a star, you know?
Thank you.
Wow, wow, wow.
I was completely mesmerized
and captivated,
and your voice obviously
blew all of us away,
but there's something
about your presence.
Like, you're so confident
and so true to who you are.
Don't lose that aspect,
because that is what's going
to take you on this journey,
and you're gonna go
really, really far, my love.
Thank you.
[cheers and applause]
Yes.
All right,
should we take a vote?
I'm shaking.
Simon?
Yeah, it was all right.
[laughter]
Uh, I really, really am happy
to give you
your very first yes.
[cheers and applause]
Howie?
I'll give you the second.
Yes.
[cheers and applause]
Gabrielle.
Don't be nervous at all.
It's three yeses.
[cheers and applause]
I'm gonna give you a yes,
but only if we can share
some ice cream together.
Is that okay?
Okay, yeah.
Okay, perfect.
It's four yeses.
♪ Somewhere ♪
Well done.
♪ ♪
♪ Over ♪
♪ The rainbow ♪
What a find.
What a gem.
I did not expect
that huge voice
to come out of that
little frame.
How do you feel?
Great.
I don't care how many
times I've heard that song,
that was special.
Oh, stunning.
You get some ice cream
after this?
Yes.
♪ Come true ♪
[cheers and applause]
It was high, it was low.
It had all the emotions.
I thought it was
achingly beautiful.
In all the time
that I've been here,
this is my favorite
Golden Buzzer moment.
[cheers and applause]
.
♪ Thank you
for being a friend ♪
Daddy, look!
♪ Travelled down the road ♪
♪ And back again ♪
Oh, my God.
♪ Your heart is true ♪
Oh, my--aren't you
the cutest thing?
Well, welcome to
"America's Got Talent."
♪ And if you threw a party ♪
♪ Invited one you knew ♪
Hey, Falco.
How you doing?
All right,
good to see you, buddy.
♪ And the card attached
would say ♪
♪ Thank you for being
a friend ♪
[cheers and applause]
♪ ♪
Welcome.
Hello.
What's your name, please?
He's the most important,
so I start with him.
Okay.
He's my best friend, Falco.
Nine-year-old Border Collie.
My name is Lukas,
I'm 22 years old,
and we are here to perform
K9 freestyle.
[cheers and applause]
And where did you two meet?
When I was a child,
my dad and all of the family
wanted a dog at home,
so we met all the puppies,
and Falco was peeing
on my dad's leg, and I was--
[laughter]
I thought it was funny.
We should take him,
and it was the start
of a great friendship.
Aww.
Aww, I love that.
[cheers and applause]
[gentle music]
I'm Lukas,
I'm 22 years old,
and this is my best friend,
Falco.
[Falco barks]
When I was a child,
I was afraid of dogs.
They terrified me,
and I said,
"No, never, ever will
I accept a dog in our family."
When I was 14, my worst
nightmare got a reality.
My family told me that
we would get a dog.
At first, I didn't want
to be his friend,
but eventually,
I just looked at his eyes,
and he was the first dog
who won me over.
[barking]
Look at his face.
How could I not love him?
♪ ♪
So I started to do
some tricks with him.
We trained ever day,
and Falco would get
better and better.
He really knows
that he's a star.
♪ ♪
In the last nine years,
we've done so much together,
and we grow together.
He's a really, really
special dog for me.
I can't explain how much
feelings I have for him.
Falco is everything I have,
but now he gets
a little bit older.
After "America's Got Talent,"
Falco will retire.
It makes me sad.
I can't imagine doing this
with anyone else.
All right, Lukas and Falco,
can you guys come with me?
But he really, really
deserves this.
Lots of experience.
So we came to
"America's Got Talent,"
one of the biggest
stages of the world,
because I wanted to give him
a really, really good bang
at the end of his career.
[cheers and applause]
Okay, Lukas and Falco,
the stage is yours.
Thank you.
[cheers and applause]
all: Aww.
He's like a little pup.
He's beautiful.
I can't wait.
[Kenny Loggins' "Footloose"]
♪ ♪
♪ Been working so hard ♪
♪ I'm punching my card ♪
♪ Eight hours for what ♪
♪ Oh tell me what I got ♪
♪ I'll hit the ceiling ♪
♪ Or else I'll
tear up this town ♪
Ohh.
♪ ♪
♪ Now I gotta cut loose ♪
♪ Footloose ♪
♪ Kick off the Sunday shoes ♪
all: Ohh!
♪ Please Louise ♪
♪ Pull me off of my knees ♪
♪ Lose your blues ♪
♪ Everybody cut footloose ♪
♪ You got to turn me around ♪
He's doing it.
♪ And put your feet
on the ground ♪
♪ Gotta take the hold of all ♪
Oh!
Ohh!
♪ ♪
♪ I'm turning loose ♪
♪ Footloose ♪
♪ Kick off the Sunday shoes ♪
♪ Everybody cut,
everybody cut ♪
♪ Everybody,
everybody cut footloose ♪
♪ ♪
all: Aww.
[wild cheering]
[Rachel Platten's
"Better Place"]
♪ ♪
Yes!
♪ I'll tell the world
I'll sing a song ♪
♪ It's a better place
since you came along ♪
♪ Since you came along ♪
Well done, guys.
Gabrielle, what did you think?
That was absolutely awesome.
I have five dogs at home,
and knowing how much work
goes into training a dog
just to basic obedience, and
he's doing all kinds of tricks.
I love you, I love Falco.
Great job.
Great.
Thank you.
Howie?
It's adorable.
You made it exciting.
I thought the music was good.
It was like
a boot-scootin' doggy.
[cheers and applause]
I loved it.
Julianne.
Oh, you wanna come play?
[laughs]
It was amazing.
I thought it was fun.
I thought it was energetic.
It's okay, Falco.
He knows how good he is.
He doesn't need
to hear the comments.
Aww, to Terry.
It was amazing.
I loved it.
He loves me, he loves me.
♪ So I pour my heart
into your hands ♪
♪ It's like you
really understand ♪
He has amazing personality,
but also importantly
so do you,
because both have got to work.
I think this is the best
dog act we've had this year.
Yeah.
Thank you.
♪ And I hold
my favorite thing ♪
Okay, let's vote.
Howie, yes or no?
Yes!
That's one.
Gabrielle.
You got two yeses.
Thank you.
And now you have three.
And I can tell how much
this means to you, Falco.
You've got four yeses.
♪ 'Cause it feels like
I've opened my eyes again ♪
Aww.
♪ And the colors
are golden and bright again ♪
I love how much
they love each other.
♪ There's a song
in my heart ♪
Thank you.
Well done, guys.
Thank you. Bye.
♪ It's a better place
since you came along ♪
[laughs]
Ohh.
♪ It's a better place ♪
Falco. Oh, my God,
you guys did so good.
How do you feel right now?
It's amazing.
It's an incredible feeling.
Isn't that how we met
ten years ago?
I think I peed on your leg,
and you said,
"I want to take you home."
Right.
That's exactly what happened.
What would you do
with a million dollars, Falco?
Buy a lot of dog food.
[laughs]
♪ It's a better place
since you came along ♪
.
I'm beyond lucky
to have you, baby.
I love you.
[gentle music]
You know I love you.
I know.
♪ ♪
I love you.
Love you.
Loved your wife, by the way.
Oh, she is my--
my soul mate.
Soul mates are
the most important thing.
I always think that.
I'm so scared.
♪ ♪
We're here.
[cheers and applause]
Hello.
Hi.
Let's start with
an introduction, please.
We are Verba Shadow Group
from Ukraine.
[cheers and applause]
And where
and how did you meet?
We met nine years ago
in the university
when I took part in contest,
and I showed my talent,
shadow theater.
[cheers and applause]
Nine years ago, I took
my friends in the talent show,
and we used just a torch
and white sheet.
We didn't win anything,
but Verba Shadow Dance Group
was born.
When I joined the group,
we were just friends.
I didn't think about him
like boyfriend,
but one day I saw him
in new light.
After shower.
[laughter]
Without T-shirt.
And we fell in love.
I decided to make
proposal to Mila.
I had no idea,
but when I saw him standing
with the ring,
I start to cry.
Of course.
I don't know what I would do
without Ruslan.
He's like my rock.
Our performance tonight is
a story about love and hope.
We come all the way
to "America's Got Talent"
because we know that
it's a chance to make
our big dream come true.
Let's go.
[cheers and applause]
Well, good luck.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
[cheers and applause]
So do I.
[laughter]
I really do.
That was very nice of you,
buddy.
No, I mean it.
[cheers and applause]
Here we go.
["Love Me Like You Do" plays]
♪ ♪
♪ Fading in, fading out ♪
♪ On the edge of paradise ♪
♪ Every inch of your skin ♪
♪ Is a holy grail
I've got to find ♪
♪ Only you can set
my heart on fire ♪
♪ On fire ♪
♪ Yeah I'll let you
set the pace ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm not
thinking straight ♪
♪ My head's spinning around ♪
♪ I can't see clear no more ♪
♪ What are you waiting for ♪
♪ Love me like you do ♪
♪ Love, love, love
me like you do ♪
♪ Love me like you do ♪
♪ Love, love,
love me like you do ♪
[baby wails]
♪ Touch me like you do ♪
♪ What are you waiting for ♪
[gunshots]
Whoa.
[intense music]
♪ ♪
[audience ohhs]
[cheers and applause]
[somber music]
♪ ♪
[audience ohhs]
[baby wails]
Ohh.
Aww.
[baby crying]
♪ ♪
Aww.
[music rises]
[cheers and applause]
♪ ♪
all: Ohh.
[cheers and applause]
Oh, my God.
Amazing.
[Emeli Sandé's
"Read All About It, Part III"]
♪ I wanna sing,
I wanna shout ♪
♪ I wanna scream
till the words dry out ♪
♪ ♪
Gabrielle.
I'm blown away.
It was a roller coaster
of emotion.
I thought it was achingly
beautiful and haunting,
and I absolutely loved it.
Thank you so much.
Julianne.
I mean, my heart.
This, to me,
was an absolute treat.
It was high, it was low,
it had all the emotions,
and showing in this
beautiful art form,
it was amazing.
Thank you so much.
Howie.
It was so beautiful
and so disturbing...
Real.
At the same time.
And I loved the mixture
of the shadows
and the live dancers
out front,
and I think you did
a great job tonight.
Thank you.
[cheers and applause]
You know what,
I have to tell you,
what you did in terms
of your imagination
and creativity,
it was seamless.
I thought it was
a very good act.
Very good. Well done.
Thank you so much.
Let's vote.
Howie?
It's a yes for me.
Thank you.
Gabrielle.
That's two yeses.
[cheers and applause]
Julianne.
That's three from me.
[cheers and applause]
You've got four yeses.
Congratulations.
♪ I wanna sing,
I wanna shout ♪
♪ I wanna scream
till the words dry out ♪
♪ So put it
in all of the papers ♪
♪ I'm not afraid ♪
♪ They can read all about it,
read all about it ♪
Oh, my God!
[all cheering]
Yes, yes, yes!
That was beautiful.
Great.
Oh, so good.
Verba Shadow!
♪ Words dry out ♪
.
I really hope they give
you the Golden Buzzer.
Yeah, I'm gonna get--well,
I hope I get the Golden Buzzer.
I know you can do it.
I want that gold confetti
raining down.
I'm keeping my fingers
crossed for the Golden Buzzer.
You know?
[chuckles]
I hope us both
get the Gold Buzzer.
[laughs]
That would be great.
[cheers and applause]
Everybody's Golden Buzzer
is so amazing.
It's a lot of responsibility,
but it's also one of
the most humbling things
you can be a part of and,
I mean, I gotta be honest,
I can't wait to pick
my Golden Buzzer.
Is it gonna be today?
I hope so.
Julianne,
you're the only one
that's got
a Golden Buzzer left.
♪ ♪
How do you feel
about performing
in front of Julianne Hough?
It's--it's gonna
be incredible,
but I just feel like
she's gonna, you know,
critique my technique,
so I'm just a little bit
stressed about that.
My name's Ben Trigger,
I'm 25,
I'm a travel agent
from Australia, and tonight
I'm gonna be dancing
on "America's Got Talent."
So did they explain to you
that you're gonna carry
a microphone out with you
to talk to the judges?
Yes.
All right, good luck.
Thank you.
Growing up, my life completely
revolved around dancing.
When I was 12, I was
fortunate enough to get into
one of the most competitive
dance schools in Australia.
But the dance world
has such a structured look
of what you should be,
and being a gay, fat dancer
wasn't it.
I actually had
a ballet teacher
who wouldn't refer to me
by my name.
She'd call me Plump Boy.
My mom tried to pull me
out of that dance school
so many times,
but I kept fighting it
because I knew
that I needed to be there
to become the dancer
that I wanted to become.
The second I graduated,
started going to auditions,
and they'd like you up,
and they wouldn't even
see me dance.
I'd just be cut.
But, you know,
it didn't deter me.
I finally got one,
and I was over the moon.
I knew that I wanted
to push myself,
to prove why I was here,
so I went full-throttle and
did everything that I could,
and I severely dislocated
my left knee.
I was told by the doctors
that I couldn't dance
for at least three years.
♪ ♪
So I had to move back in
with mom and dad
and started working
at a dead-end job,
and I've been doing that
for seven years.
But I always knew that dance
was what I was born to do.
♪ And I rise up ♪
So here I am on
"America's Got Talent."
♪ I rise up ♪
This is literally
the one thing
that can get my career
back on track,
and I'm really excited to
perform in front of Julianne.
To have one of the biggest
names in dancing
give me approval,
it would mean the world.
I'm with you, brother.
All right, all right.
Go get 'em.
Go get 'em!
Tonight I'm here to prove
to the people that didn't
believe in me, the bullies...
Oh, no shoes.
That I am a dancer.
Hello.
Tell me who you are, please.
My name's Ben Trigger.
Is that your real name?
That is my real name.
And where are you from,
Ben Trigger?
I'm from Brisbane, Australia.
[cheers and applause]
Can I ask why
you don't have shoes on?
'Cause I'm gonna
dance for you.
Whoo!
[laughter]
[cheers and applause]
And tell me,
why "America's Got Talent"?
"America's Got Talent" is--
it's really my second chance
to fulfill
my dream of dancing.
When I was 18, I dislocated
my knee very badly,
and then...
So if you hadn't
dislocated your knee,
what were you going
to try and do?
I wanted to be on Broadway.
As a dancer?
Yeah.
Right.
[cheers and applause]
Okay, good luck.
Thank you.
Yes, dance, come on.
I love a barefoot dancer.
[Earth, Wind & Fire's
"Boogie Wonderland"]
♪ ♪
♪ Dance ♪
♪ Boogie wonderland ♪
♪ Ha, ha dance ♪
♪ The mirror stares you
in the face ♪
♪ And says baby
uh, uh, it don't work ♪
♪ You say your prayers
though you don't care ♪
♪ You dance
and shake the hurt ♪
♪ Dance ♪
♪ Boogie wonderland ♪
♪ Ha, ha dance ♪
[cheers and applause]
♪ Boogie wonderland ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Sounds fly
through the night ♪
♪ I chase my vinyl dreams
to Boogie Wonderland ♪
♪ I find romance
when I start to dance ♪
♪ In Boogie Wonderland ♪
♪ All the love in the world
can't be gone ♪
♪ All the need to be
loved can't be wrong ♪
♪ All the records
are playing ♪
♪ And my heart keeps saying
Boogie Wonderland ♪
♪ Wonderland ♪
♪ Ha, ha ♪
[wild cheering]
[Irene Cara's "Flashdance...
What a Feeling"]
He hit the Golden Buzzer
for himself!
♪ ♪
♪ First when
there's nothing ♪
♪ But a slow glowing dream ♪
Oh, my God.
♪ That your fear
seems to hide ♪
What just happened?
♪ Deep inside ♪
♪ Your mind ♪
Ben. Ben.
Yes, sir?
It's supposed to be us,
not you.
Uh, uh, I'm sorry.
Okay.
Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow.
Julianne, what do you think?
When I asked
why you didn't have shoes on,
I didn't realize
what was to come. Whoo!
[laughter]
But you actually have
some serious moves.
♪ What a feeling ♪
And I guess work
what your mama gave you.
Thanks, Mom!
[cheers and applause]
Gabrielle.
Baby, you gave us
a whole show.
You came to slay,
and I am deceased.
Thank you!
♪ Take your passion ♪
Howie?
I have to say,
in all the time
that I've been here,
this is my favorite
Golden Buzzer moment.
[laughter and cheering]
You know what
I feel like today?
What?
I feel like I've eaten
the craziest milkshake
in the world,
with everything mixed up
with you at the top.
[cheers and applause]
Thank you.
But you know what,
you are hilarious.
[cheers and applause]
Thank you.
You're so much fun.
Howie, without
the Golden Buzzer, yes or no?
Without the Golden Buzzer,
it's a yes.
Thank you.
Gabrielle?
It's a huge yes for me.
Thank you.
Julianne?
It's a tassel yes for me.
[cheers and applause]
Ohh.
Ben Trigger, guess what,
you've got four yeses.
Whoo!
♪ Take your passion ♪
♪ And make it happen ♪
♪ Pictures come alive ♪
All right, my man.
You did it, you did it.
That's so funny
that he fell on that.
Oh, my God.
Has that ever happened?
Never.
Okay, Ben, we gotta be clear.
That Golden Buzzer
did not count.
No.
But I gotta give you
all the props in the world.
That was an amazing
performance, my man.
Thank you.
And you know what,
we can give you that
Golden Buzzer, if you want.
No.
But doesn't it make sense
that he'd be a dancer?
Thank you.
You're right.
Nope.
♪ What a feeling ♪
♪ I can have it all ♪
♪ Being's believing ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org